intro.md, before:

<!-- #region -->
# The Data 8 Pedagogy Guide

Data 8 is a “The Foundations of Data Science” course taught to first-year students at UC Berkeley. It combines principles and skills from statistics and computer science, such as inference, modeling, hypothesis testing, visualization, and others. It provides a foundation in the many disciplines encompassed by “data science”, and gives students a practical introduction to the field.

Teaching Data Science requires a shift in the way we traditionally teach each of the individual concepts. What were once introductory classes in statistics, computer science, and ethics (among others) are now combined into a single introductory course.

This book covers many of the pedagogical decisions that were made in Data 8 and should be seen as a reference and background for it.

All of the tools that Data 8 uses are available for the community to use (either as broader community-run projects, or as Berkeley projects). Many of them are open source (see [](types-of-content) for more information). The course material can be accessed at the following online resources:

- [The Data 8 Course Site](http://data8.org)
- [The Data 8 Course Textbook](https://www.inferentialthinking.com/chapters/intro)

To explore the guide, select a section to the left!

(types-of-content)=
## Types of content in Data 8

There are many kinds of content associated with Data 8, released under two different licenses. You can find more complete information [at the Data 8 adoption website](https://data.berkeley.edu/external/data8-adoption). Here is a quick breakdown:

- [**The Data 8 textbook**](textbook.md) is the textbook used by Data 8, with material that complements each topic in the class. It is licensed [CC-BY-ND-NC](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/2.0/), you are welcome to use the textbook at [inferentialthinking.com](https://inferentialthinking.com), but you may not modify or distribute it yourself without permission from the textbook authors.
- [**Data 8 course materials**](https://github.com/data-8/materials-sp22) includes notebooks, exercises, and other course materials. It is licensed [CC-BY-NC](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/2.0/), and you are free to modify and distribute as you wish.  
- **Private course materials**, including exams and answers. These are kept private in order to protect the integrity of the Data 8 courses at Berkeley and being run elsewhere. If you'd like access to these materials, please [fill out this Google form](https://forms.gle/iKLcryjZXit5913k7).

## Technology Guide

If you are looking for a more technical overview of the infrastructure required to create a data science course at your institution, there is a new guide titled ["The Data Science Educator's Guide to Technical Infrastructure"](https://ucbds-infra.github.io/ds-course-infra-guide/intro.html).

## Contacting Us

If you woud like to learn more about any of the tools used in Data 8 or are interested in deploying your own data 8 course, please fill out our Data 8 [Instructor Interest form](https://forms.gle/y5aQBi816xDXKe7r7) or shoot us an email at [ds-help@berkeley.edu](mailto:ds-help@berkeley.edu).
<!-- #endregion -->

Commit message:

Updated with CodeSpaces and Calendar

intro.md, after:

<!-- #region -->
# The Data 8 Pedagogy Guide

Data 8 is a “The Foundations of Data Science” course taught to first-year students at UC Berkeley. It combines principles and skills from statistics and computer science, such as inference, modeling, hypothesis testing, visualization, and others. It provides a foundation in the many disciplines encompassed by “data science”, and gives students a practical introduction to the field.

Teaching Data Science requires a shift in the way we traditionally teach each of the individual concepts. What were once introductory classes in statistics, computer science, and ethics (among others) are now combined into a single introductory course.

This book covers many of the pedagogical decisions that were made in Data 8 and should be seen as a reference and background for it.

All of the tools that Data 8 uses are available for the community to use (either as broader community-run projects, or as Berkeley projects). Many of them are open source (see [](types-of-content) for more information). The course material can be accessed at the following online resources:

- [The Data 8 Course Site](http://data8.org)
- [The Data 8 Course Textbook](https://www.inferentialthinking.com/chapters/intro)

To explore the guide, select a section to the left!

(types-of-content)=
## Types of content in Data 8

There are many kinds of content associated with Data 8, released under two different licenses. You can find more complete information [at the Data 8 adoption website](https://data.berkeley.edu/external/data8-adoption). Here is a quick breakdown:

- [**The Data 8 textbook**](textbook.md) is the textbook used by Data 8, with material that complements each topic in the class. It is licensed [CC-BY-ND-NC](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/2.0/), you are welcome to use the textbook at [inferentialthinking.com](https://inferentialthinking.com), but you may not modify or distribute it yourself without permission from the textbook authors.
- [**Data 8 course materials**](https://github.com/data-8/materials-sp22) includes notebooks, exercises, and other course materials. It is licensed [CC-BY-NC](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/2.0/), and you are free to modify and distribute as you wish.  
- **Private course materials**, including exams and answers. These are kept private in order to protect the integrity of the Data 8 courses at Berkeley and being run elsewhere. If you'd like access to these materials, please [fill out this Google form](https://forms.gle/iKLcryjZXit5913k7).
- **Course Calendar and Demonstation Platforms** We have an [example course calendar](https://www.data8.org/materials-sp22/demo.html) laying out the course week-to-week with appropriate notebooks linked to various rendering platforms.

## Technology Guide

If you are looking for a more technical overview of the infrastructure required to create a data science course at your institution, there is a new guide titled ["The Data Science Educator's Guide to Technical Infrastructure"](https://ucbds-infra.github.io/ds-course-infra-guide/intro.html).

## Contacting Us

If you woud like to learn more about any of the tools used in Data 8 or are interested in deploying your own data 8 course, please fill out our Data 8 [Instructor Interest form](https://forms.gle/y5aQBi816xDXKe7r7) or shoot us an email at [ds-help@berkeley.edu](mailto:ds-help@berkeley.edu).
<!-- #endregion -->
