content/v2/intro_pedagogy.md, before:

<!-- #region -->
# The Data 8 Pedagogy Guide

Data 8 is a “The Foundations of Data Science” course taught to first-year students at UC Berkeley. It combines principles and skills from statistics and computer science, such as inference, modeling, hypothesis testing, visualization, and others. It provides a foundation in the many disciplines encompassed by “data science”, and gives students a practical introduction to the field.

Teaching Data Science requires a shift in the way we traditionally teach each of the individual concepts. What were once introductory classes in statistics, computer science, and ethics (among others) are now combined into a single introductory course.

This book covers many of the pedagogical decisions that were made in Data 8 and should be seen as a reference and background for it.

All of the tools that Data 8 uses are open source, and available for the community to use (either as broader community-run projects, or as Berkeley projects). The course material can be accessed at the following online resources:

- [The Data 8 Course Site](http://data8.org)
- [The Data 8 Course Textbook](https://www.inferentialthinking.com/chapters/intro)

To explore the guide, select a section to the left!

## Contacting Us

If you woud like to learn more about any of the tools used in Data 8 or are interested in deploying your own data 8 course, please fill out our Data 8 [Instructor Interest form](https://forms.gle/y5aQBi816xDXKe7r7) or shoot us an email at [ds-help@berkeley.edu](mailto:ds-help@berkeley.edu).
<!-- #endregion -->

Commit message:

Add note on moved tech. infra. guide

content/v2/intro_pedagogy.md, after:

<!-- #region -->
# The Data 8 Pedagogy Guide

Data 8 is a “The Foundations of Data Science” course taught to first-year students at UC Berkeley. It combines principles and skills from statistics and computer science, such as inference, modeling, hypothesis testing, visualization, and others. It provides a foundation in the many disciplines encompassed by “data science”, and gives students a practical introduction to the field.

Teaching Data Science requires a shift in the way we traditionally teach each of the individual concepts. What were once introductory classes in statistics, computer science, and ethics (among others) are now combined into a single introductory course.

This book covers many of the pedagogical decisions that were made in Data 8 and should be seen as a reference and background for it.

All of the tools that Data 8 uses are open source, and available for the community to use (either as broader community-run projects, or as Berkeley projects). The course material can be accessed at the following online resources:

- [The Data 8 Course Site](http://data8.org)
- [The Data 8 Course Textbook](https://www.inferentialthinking.com/chapters/intro)

To explore the guide, select a section to the left!

## Technology Guide

If you are looking for a more technical overview of the infrastructure required to create a data science course at your institution, there is a new guide titled ["The Data Science Educator's Guide to Technical Infrastructure"](https://ucbds-infra.github.io/ds-course-infra-guide/intro.html).

## Contacting Us

If you woud like to learn more about any of the tools used in Data 8 or are interested in deploying your own data 8 course, please fill out our Data 8 [Instructor Interest form](https://forms.gle/y5aQBi816xDXKe7r7) or shoot us an email at [ds-help@berkeley.edu](mailto:ds-help@berkeley.edu).
<!-- #endregion -->
